# August - 17 - 2023
# August - 18 - 2023 
So today I informed myself about prompts. As I understood prompts are pieces of texts that you can give to a computer based model, that is able to answer, examine or explain that piece of text or the command you gave it. It seems like the section teaches me about how to work with these kind of tools. I also informed myself about what a Software Architect does. It seems like you build different code based applications on a different level to reach a final product. This can be performed in a team or alone. The basic skills as a Software Architect are simple coding, documentation, communicationj and some more. This field allows me to create my own applications or finish them for clients or work in a team of Software Architects.
# August - 21 - 2023
Today we started learning to code. Herefor I signed up on CodeHS and started the program. I learned about what the course will bring me in my career and as a beginner of programing. Then I had to take a kind of test to understand on how good I am in programing and what value I expect from that class for me. After that I learned about Tracy the turtle. i learned how to move her forward and how to draw cricles with her, after that combined I was able to draw a slinky with Tracy.
# August - 22 - 2023
So today I started and went on with learning about Tracy. I learned that she lives in a 400 by 400 pixelworld where I can move her around with different commands. I learned that there is a command that let's her not draw a line while moving. It's called penup() and to let her draw a line again I needed to use the command pendown(). With that knowledge I was able to draw a caterpillar, that consists of 5 circles, in her world. After that I learned how to turn Tracy about any angle I want to to create rectangles, squares and columns in combination with the penup() commands. So today I completed lesson 2.2 and 2.3.
# August - 23 - 2023
In this lesson I went on working with Tracy. I learned how to loop commands for a certain amount of times. This took me a longer time because I was stuck on some little mistakes in my code, so I had to search them for about half an hour. After that I was able to use the for i in range (): command correctly. In the exercise I had to draw the columns from the lesson before with the specific loop command and after some tries I did it.
# August - 24 - 2023
In this lessojn I learned how to turn Tracy about angles that are not exact 90 degrees to create different shapes like a asterik. After that I learned how to use the setposition() command, so I don't have to write commands, to move her to a certain position, that are longer than 1 line. I also learned about the speed() command, it lets Tracy simply move faster, so I don't have to wait too long for her to complete a run. After that I was able to draw a cricle pyramid in combination with the speed(), setpsoition(), left() or right() and loop command.
# August - 25 - 2023
Today I learned how to write In-line comments or multiple line comments to leave a message for everyone that looks in to my code. It's purpose is to tell the people what the code does or important notes for the reader. After that i learned how to name Guidelines correctly. Also I learned how to create functions to make my code shorter,after that I had to draw a pearl bracelet with Tracy on the canvas using the command.
